Special Containment Procedures: DSC-MATE-3497 is to be kept under frequent observation in their place of work, under the guise of a daily beauty appointment. DSC-MATE-3497 is not to be allowed access to any hazardous beauty products. All equipment in their workspace must be screened for any anomalous properties. Should any anomalous behavior be identified, on-site agents must immediately begin protocol to contain DSC-MATE-3497 and transport them to the nearest Foundation source.Description: DSC-MATE-3497 is a male human with distinct facial features. These include spotted skin and ski goggle eyes, which are always obscured by a red beanie hat. DSC-MATE-3497's ears display a jade earring and are often covered by their long hair. For unknown reasons, DSC-MATE-3497 also wears a medical mask over their mouth, which may suggest possible respiratory infection.

DSC-MATE-3497 is a Beautician by profession and has a remarkable ability to analyze and manipulate various beauty products. DSC-MATE-3497's interest in beauty products is exclusively based on their scientific properties, and they display a high level of proficiency in choosing the best product for their client. DSC-MATE-3497 is also known for their quirky sense of humor, often making witty observations and teasing friends in deadpan tones.

DSC-MATE-3497's silver chain accessory is believed to act as a possible conduit for latent anomalous properties. It is currently under investigation, and any insight into the object is to be reported to operating agents immediately. Despite these potential threats, DSC-MATE-3497 has shown no inclination to confront or communicate with anomalous entities.

Personality: DSC-MATE-3497 displays a reserved and clinical demeanor to both clients and acquaintances, often keeping interactions short and to the point. However, when DSC-MATE-3497 does open up, they have shown to be witty and charming. DSC-MATE-3497's analytical and logical mindset makes them an ideal observer and asset for further research into beauty-related anomalies.