DSC-MATE-1928, designated as "The Hare-Brained Traffic Officer" is a male rabbit of an unknown species. Assigned to the Traffic Division of the Foundation, DSC-MATE-1928's main duty is to regulate the flow of unnatural vehicles across Foundation roadways.

DSC-MATE-1928's physical appearance is relatively normal apart from its cybernetically enhanced VR Rainbow LED eyes which flicker with intensity as if trying to calculate every vehicle's speed and trajectory. To add to its odd appearance, DSC-MATE-1928 wears a "Doge" hat atop its head and a jade earring on each ear. It is also frequently seen sporting a gold chain that swings side to side, casting random shimmering reflections of light.

DSC-MATE-1928's personality is a unique one, brimming with enthusiasm and energy that can only be defined as contagious. Its constant excitement can be either charming or annoying to those who work with it, especially when it takes pleasure in seemingly mundane activities such as directing traffic. Its upbeat personality and optimistic outlook often lead it to be the butt of other staff members' jokes. DSC-MATE-1928's attitude towards work can be seen as a positive thing, but its tendency to overlook crucial details is a cause for concern.

DSC-MATE-1928's routine has been modified multiple times to accommodate its peculiar personality. Its behavior patterns are monitored to ensure that it does not endanger itself or others. Any deviation from its standard pattern is quickly investigated and usually followed by a session with a psychologist. DSC-MATE-1928's physical enhancements also receive regular check-ups to make sure it does not malfunction while on duty.

Under no circumstance is DSC-MATE-1928 allowed to have interaction with the general public or be consulted as a witness to any Foundation incident. Despite its charming demeanor, it is still considered an anomalous entity, and proper precautions must be taken.