Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: DSC-MATE-5074 is to be kept under surveillance at all times, with access to communication with the Foundation granted only through secure channels. Any contact with DSC-MATE-5074 must be approved by at least one Level 3 personnel. DSC-MATE-5074 is to be restricted from discussing any knowledge of the anomalous.

Description: DSC-MATE-5074 is a human female identified with the job title of Programmer. DSC-MATE-5074 stands at 162cm in height and has an eclectic fashion style that includes a rainbow festival headwear, gold earrings, a choker, and a purple lip. Additionally, DSC-MATE-5074 is often observed donning a medical mask. While DSC-MATE-5074's general appearance draws attention, they also possess a highly developed intellectual ability for ideas and solutions. DSC-MATE-5074's natural talent for brainstorming recently directed attention onto them, resulting in Foundation intervention.

Personality Traits: DSC-MATE-5074 has an insatiable curiosity and enjoys generating new ideas and solutions to problems. Although this ability leads DSC-MATE-5074 to generate highly original ideas, it can, on occasion, result in proposals that are outlandish or impractical. DSC-MATE-5074 appears to take pleasure in others' reactions to these proposals and frequently injects humor into their conversation. DSC-MATE-5074 is cooperative with the Foundation and shows no sign of developing hostility.

Conclusion: DSC-MATE-5074 is an exceptional asset to the Foundation in the generation of new ideas, solutions to problems, and a general sense of inspiration. Therefore, DSC-MATE-5074 qualifies for entry into the Foundation's Safe classification.