Containment Procedures: DSC-MATE-5244 is to be contained within Site-██'s human quarters during off hours. Access is only to be granted with Level 2 clearance and for the purposes of obtaining intel on local theatrical activities. Any attempt by DSC-MATE-5244 to leave their assigned location is to be met with forceful detainment and questioning.

Description: DSC-MATE-5244 is a human male of indeterminate age, with numerous dark spots on their face. They bear a jade earring in their left ear, as well as a gold chain around their neck. DSC-MATE-5244's most prominent feature is their VR rainbow LED eyes, which are capable of displaying a variety of colors in rapid succession. Subject is also observed smoking cigarettes.

Personality: DSC-MATE-5244 has a reputation for being extremely goal-oriented and ambitious. They are known to take on more than they can handle, but typically manage to achieve their objectives due to their excellent organizational skills and strategic thinking. DSC-MATE-5244 is of particular interest to the Foundation due to their position as a theater manager, which may provide insight into DSC-related phenomena that take place within theatrical productions. 

Addendum: In ██/██/20██, DSC-MATE-5244 reported a "strange aura" within their theater, claiming that they saw apparitions in the audience that caused the actors to perform poorly. Foundation agents were immediately dispatched to investigate, but no anomalous activity was detected. Further interviews determined that DSC-MATE-5244 had a history of seeing unusual occurrences within theatrical settings, suggesting that they may be uniquely attuned to DSC-related phenomena. Research is ongoing.