Item #: DSC-MATE-511

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: DSC-MATE-511 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber at all times. Personnel interacting with DSC-MATE-511 must wear gas masks to prevent accidental exposure to any unknown gas that may be generated by the DSC-MATE-511's LED Gas Mask.

Description: DSC-MATE-511 is a humanoid fashion designer identified as a male Homo sapien. DSC-MATE-511 has a unique appearance, possessing orange stripes on its face and a frightened mouth. Its eyes are red clown eyes, and its head is made of metal purple material. DSC-MATE-511 has golden earrings attached to its ears, and it wears a gold chain around its neck.

DSC-MATE-511 has a natural talent for leadership that it demonstrates in various situations, including social groups, personal life, and workplace. Due to this, DSC-MATE-511 is often found taking charge of different scenarios. 

DSC-MATE-511's most unique accessory is its LED Gas Mask, which covers its face. The gas mask emits an unknown gas, which results in the DSC-MATE-511 being immune to most harmful gases. The origin of the gas and the ways in which DSC-MATE-511 generates and controls the gas is unknown.

Addendum: Research on DSC-MATE-511 is ongoing to determine the origin of the unknown gas and the strange physical features of DSC-MATE-511's body. The Foundation has also authorized the DSC-MATE-511 to continue working on fashion design projects as a way to evaluate the capabilities of the DSC-MATE-511 while simultaneously monitoring DSC-MATE-511's activities.