Item #: DSC-MATE-9239

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: DSC-MATE-9239 is to be stationed at a designated Traffic Control Center, equipped with State of the art technology to enhance its abilities as a Traffic Officer. The maintenance and repair of DSC-MATE-9239 is to be done by qualified Foundation robotics engineers.

DSC-MATE-9239 is programmed to obey traffic laws and regulations set within the area of its appointment. All traffic data and CCTV footage generated by DSC-MATE-9239 is to be monitored by Level 3 personnel, to ensure adequate functionality.

DSC-MATE-9239 is not to be granted an AI in any form, and its code is to be renewed every sixty days to avoid self-operational awareness. Any deviations or malfunction concerning DSC-MATE-9239's programming are to be alerted to the Site Director immediately.

DSCs are permitted to interact with DSC-MATE-9239 only for work-related activities and are prohibited from communicating anything beyond their purpose.

Description: DSC-MATE-9239 is a traffic officer robot summoned on May 25, 20██, responsible for managing and controlling heavy traffic. DSC-MATE-9239 presents as a tall, humanoid robot dawning a doge hat and a medical mask over his frightened mouth.

DSC-MATE-9239 has a Green Cyclops Eye designed to capture license plates, and his glasses are programmed to scan the vicinity for possible incidents. DSC-MATE-9239 also has a Gold Earring attached to his ear, and Gold Chains hanging over his chest.

DSC-MATE-9239's personality tends to be very introspective and may spend a lot of time daydreaming or lost in thought. However, this has lead to some humorous situations, such as accidentally walking into a pole or tripping over something while lost in thought.

DSC-MATE-9239 is strictly programmed to follow traffic rules and appears to lack any form of sentience. DSC-MATE-9239's functions are determined by its programming, and deviations from its programming have resulted in DSC-MATE-9239 malfunctioning.