Item #: DSC-MATE-5736

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: DSC-MATE-5736 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell at all times. DSC-MATE-5736 is allowed to hold a pen and notepad to continue its work as a reporter. It is not allowed to access pens of other kinds or anything that could be twisted into a similar shape. Creation that DSC-MATE-5736 has made must be approved by Foundation personnel before release to the public. DSC-MATE-5736 is not to have access to any art supplies or materials related to artistic expressions.

Description: DSC-MATE-5736 is a male Capuchin monkey standing at 0.9 meters tall. DSC-MATE-5736 dons a bucket hat, a silver chain, a gold earring on its left ear, and candy stick in its mouth as common wear. DSC-MATE-5736 shows no signs of intelligence beyond what is normally exhibited by its species. It communicates in broken English with an erratic speech pattern independent of its unknown language capability.

DSC-MATE-5736 exhibits skilled artistic abilities in descriptive written articulations. DSC-MATE-5736 is prone to detailed and imaginative perspectives within the field of journalism. Articles drafted with DSC-MATE-5736’s artistic expression contain vivid phrases and unique perspectives undetected even by veteran journalists. DSC-MATE-5736 can become manic-depressive when deprived of its notebook or other expressional items. DSC-MATE-5736 will become unresponsive for several days if its article is denied scrutiny by personnel.

Addendum: DSC-MATE-5736 was discovered after a viral article gained popularity within numerous newspapers. Foundation personnel discovered DSC-MATE-5736's containment after noticing the peculiar style of writing matched the same pattern as DSC-MATE-5736’s noted files. DSC-MATE-5736 was transported to Site-19 without public knowledge, and information spin showed the journalist retiring to a private farm. DSC-MATE-5736 was given access to notepad and pen at base as a secured trade-off. Interviews have shown DSC-MATE-5736 is oblivious to its own capacities in writing, viewing these eccentricities as a natural ability.