Item #: DSC-MATE-8899

Object Class: Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: DSC-MATE-8899 is to be confined in a standard humanoid containment chamber at all times. No outside communication is to be allowed with DSC-MATE-8899, except for authorized personnel for research purposes. Personnel assigned to DSC-MATE-8899 must undergo monthly psychological evaluations to ensure resilience against DSC-MATE-8899's empathetic abilities. DSC-MATE-8899 is allowed to keep her choker and gold earring, but all other belongings are to be kept in a secure locker.

Description: DSC-MATE-8899 appears to be a human female in her late 20s with striking physical features. DSC-MATE-8899 has orange stripes on her face and wears red lipstick, which are uncommon in human beings. DSC-MATE-8899's hairstyle resembles that of a 00s school girl, and her forehead has a two-color band. DSC-MATE-8899 also wears gold earrings and a choker. DSC-MATE-8899's empathetic abilities appear to be her primary anomalous trait, which causes her to take on the emotional pain and problems of those around her. DSC-MATE-8899's abilities have been shown to cause exhaustion, depression, and mental breakdown in subjects who are in close proximity to her.

Personality: DSC-MATE-8899 exhibits a highly empathetic and compassionate personality, which can be both a strength and a weakness. DSC-MATE-8899 feels responsible for fixing the problems of everyone around her and often takes on unnecessary burdens. DSC-MATE-8899 exhibits a strong desire to help others, but this desire can go too far, leading to the emotional harm of DSC-MATE-8899 and those around her. DSC-MATE-8899's personality is an essential factor in her containment, and personnel should be aware of her sensitivity to the emotions of others.