Item #: DSC-MATE-5498

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: DSC-MATE-5498 is to be allowed to continue working as a firefighter in his community as it is important that he maintains social ties with his human peers. Any attempts by DSC-MATE-5498 to use his anomalous abilities for personal gain or nefarious purposes must be immediately reported to Foundation personnel for intervention. DSC-MATE-5498 is to be monitored for any signs of mental stress related to his personality traits and provided with appropriate therapy as needed. 

Description: DSC-MATE-5498 is a human male with spots on his face and red clown eyes. His blonde hair is of normal length and style for a human male. DSC-MATE-5498 has a two-color band on his forehead, and a jade earring on each ear. He wears a gold chain and carries a candy stick as accessories at all times. DSC-MATE-5498 is a talented gift-giver, often observing and paying close attention to the details in his daily life. However, his desire to give the "perfect" gift can lead to extensive periods of agonizing and deliberation. 

DSC-MATE-5498 has anomalous properties, specifically the ability to generate fire from his hands at will. Analysis of DSC-MATE-5498's anomalous abilities has revealed that his ability to control fire is connected to his mental and emotional state. DSC-MATE-5498's powers are most effective when he is calm and in control of his emotions. When DSC-MATE-5498 is under stress or experiencing heightened emotions, his powers are less stable and may manifest in uncontrollable ways. 

Addendum: DSC-MATE-5498 was discovered by Foundation personnel while responding to a small house fire in his community. The Foundation was alerted to DSC-MATE-5498's anomalous nature due to the unusual nature of the fire and rapid containment by DSC-MATE-5498. Foundation personnel immediately initiated contact with DSC-MATE-5498 and contained him for testing and evaluation. DSC-MATE-5498 has since been deemed Safe and allowed to continue his firefighting duties while monitored by Foundation personnel.