Item #: DSC-MATE-6161

Object Class: Safe

Special Containment Procedures: DSC-MATE-6161 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment chamber at Site-██. They are permitted to practice their profession as a veterinarian with animals within the Foundation's jurisdiction. Any attempts to sell or distribute the products of DSC-MATE-6161's craft outside of the Foundation are to be terminated immediately.

Description: DSC-MATE-6161 is a human male of approximately 35 years of age with a distinctive dark spot on the corner of the mouth. They possess an unnatural grin that appears at all times, even when DSC-MATE-6161's facial muscles should be at rest. DSC-MATE-6161's eyes are a piercing red color, with no visible pupils or irises, resembling the appearance of a clown's eye. The subject's head appears to be unarranged and has an unusual emerald green coloration. DSC-MATE-6161 possesses a gold earring resembling a snake coiled around a crescent moon in their right ear. They also wear a gold chain that contains unknown symbols and markings of various occult significance around their neck.

Further examination revealed that the subject possesses the anomalous ability to craft advanced beings using organics and electronics and combined with his knowledge of medical science, makes ground-breaking achievements in veterinary field with a perfect success rate. DSC-MATE-6161's craftsmanship is associated with the usage of LED gas masks to enables his work in a sterile environment. While DSC-MATE-6161 seems to be an introverted individual, they are known for their deadpan sense of humor that often catches their colleagues off guard and brightens the atmosphere of Foundation research centers significantly.

DSC-MATE-6161's abilities have gained the interest of the Foundation, and they have been willingly recruited as a member of the DSC community to assist in various medical and military endeavors. The subject is highly cooperative and friendly, and their ability to create anomalous creatures with implants and cyborg enhancements ensures DogeSoundClub's status against various entities in the urban fantasy world.