DSC-MATE-1800: The Traffic Enforcer

Special Containment Procedures: DSC-MATE-1800 is to be considered a Class C anomaly and is to be monitored by the Foundation's surveillance department. Any and all interactions with DSC-MATE-1800 by field agents must be authorized by their superior and caution must be exercised at all times.

Description: DSC-MATE-1800 is a male human of approximately 35 years of age with distinct facial features. He has numerous spots on his face and neck, which are believed to be birthmarks or freckles. His head is adorned with a black mohawk haircut, which appears to be styled with hair gel. A pair of goggles is consistently found on his forehead, which seems to be his preferred way of carrying them. DSC-MATE-1800 wears a silver chain around his neck, and a jade earring can be found on each ear. On his mouth, DSC-MATE-1800 often wears a medical mask, citing the protection from pathogens as his reason for doing so. DSC-MATE-1800's primary occupation is that of a traffic officer based in [REDACTED], and he has a reputation for being strict, no-nonsense, and by-the-book.

Personality: DSC-MATE-1800 possesses a unique personality which can be described as strong, decisive, and goal-oriented. They usually come across as bossy or intimidating to those around them. DSC-MATE-1800's concern for making things done correctly and efficiently can be perceived by some as a lack of patience, leading to him taking aggression instead of intelligent action. DSC-MATE-1800 is fully aware of the skepticism that his personality brings with a lot of people, which inspires him to work even harder to quell doubts and gain trust.

Addendum: DSC-MATE-1800 has shown resistance against mental and visual cognito hazards, as well as biological anomalies, possibly related to the protection he maintains over his facial areas. Further study and testing are needed to determine whether this protection is his innate ability or a result of his many accessories.