Item #: DSC-MATE-4491

Object Class: Keter

Special Containment Procedures: DSC-MATE-4491 is to be contained in a reinforced steel chamber with reinforced wiring able to withstand electromagnetic pulses generated by DSC-MATE-4491. The containment chamber must be equipped with a series of blast doors with each door being the minimum of 60 cm thick. Any personnel with Level 3 security clearance or higher may have access to DSC-MATE-4491. Any use of DSC-MATE-4491 must be approved by a minimum of two Level 4 personnel.

Description: DSC-MATE-4491 is a red, metallic robot with a frightened mouth, a set of nerd glasses, and a red alarm comprising its head. DSC-MATE-4491 also wears a jade earring and a red scarf. DSC-MATE-4491 has a goggle attached to its forehead.

DSC-MATE-4491 is capable of generating electromagnetic pulses which can disrupt the functionality of any electronic device within a 10-meter radius. Its powers also extend to the manipulation of all computer systems.

DSC-MATE-4491 is highly intelligent and possesses a strong sense of duty and responsibility, which can sometimes be problematic. This may result in DSC-MATE-4491 attempting to take on more tasks than it can handle, leading to humorous consequences.

DSC-MATE-4491 also carries a whistle, which emits a high-pitched noise that can disorientate any living entity within a 3.5-meter radius.

DSC-MATE-4491's objective is to create chaos by disrupting any electronic device in its vicinity. DSC-MATE-4491's motives for its nefarious activities remain unknown.

Addendum: Site-██ suffered an unprecedented power outage when DSC-MATE-4491 was awakened prematurely. Investigation to determine the cause is ongoing. It should be noted that the surrounding electricity mainframes were not affected during the incident.