ID # : DSC-MATE-7448
DSC-MATE-7448 is an anomalous police officer with a unique species – a tiger. DSC-MATE-7448 is a male, with a not arranged green head, frightened mouth, and a distinctive 2 color band on their forehead. DSC-MATE-7448 is easily identifiable by the red cross earring on their ears and the medical mask covering their mouth.

Despite their intimidating appearance, DSC-MATE-7448 is an outgoing and social creature, often craving attention and finding themselves at the center of attention. DSC-MATE-7448 has been known to share humorous stories and jokes that cause uncontrollable laughter in those around them. It is unclear how DSC-MATE-7448 acquired their anomalous abilities, but it is imperative that they are monitored and contained for the safety of the general public.

Attempts to understand DSC-MATE-7448's abilities have been challenging, given their tendency to hide behind their medical mask. However, extensive observation and interaction with DSC-MATE-7448 suggest that their species may possess extraordinary strength and agility. Further research is required to determine any additional abilities or weaknesses that DSC-MATE-7448 may possess.

DSC-MATE-7448 is to be confined to a secure containment cell and provided with a diet that consists primarily of raw meat. Any interactions with DSC-MATE-7448 must be supervised by at least two armed personnel, given their unpredictable nature. DSC-MATE-7448 is not to be permitted to interact with non-foundation personnel under any circumstances, and any attempts to breach DSC-MATE-7448's containment must be met with lethal force.