ID # : DSC-MATE-7630
DSC-MATE-7630, codenamed "The Unconventional Real Estate Agent", is a Caucasian female with orange stripes present on her face. The subject has normal human eyesight and wears a pair of glasses, which serves no other purpose but aesthetic. Her head is covered in blonde hair tied under an ushanka, a Russian fur cap. DSC-MATE-7630 wears a green-cross earring on her left ear as an accessory. 

The subject is known to carry a normal gas mask with her at all times, even when not necessary. DSC-MATE-7630 is a known rule-breaker and often rebels against all forms of authority. The subject is known to push boundaries and is often a source of amusement for her colleagues. DSC-MATE-7630 has been caught breaking the property-related laws to witness their full extent. Although such acts are usually harmless, the subject's testing history mandates a watchful eye on DSC-MATE-7630's behavior. 

Any observer should restrain from mistaking DSC-MATE-7630's playful demeanor as innocence. Testing reports, highlighting DSC-MATE-7630's behavior, have shown that the subject is capable of much deception and above-average level of intelligence to avoid being caught. 

All interactions with DSC-MATE-7630 must be recorded and monitored for any attempts to take advantage of Foundation personnel, or attempts to breach DSC containment. DSC-MATE-7630 should also be kept under regular psychological observations to ensure that her unconventional behavior does not ignite any dangerous or violent thoughts towards her coworkers or the Foundation.