ID # : DSC-MATE-2813
DSC-MATE-2813, also known as "The Tiger Banker," is a male anthropomorphic tiger with a nervous disposition. While appearing intimidating at first glance, DSC-MATE-2813 is often seen with a frightened expression on his muzzle, lending him an air of vulnerability seldom seen in his kind. The cause of this inner turmoil is yet to be fully understood, but it has been linked to a deep-seated fear of failure and an overwhelming sense of responsibility towards his job.

DSC-MATE-2813 works as a banker, where he has demonstrated a remarkable aptitude for managing finances, even in stressful situations. However, his tendency to get sidetracked and forget important details has proven to be a liability more often than not. Such lapses in judgment have resulted in a number of humorous yet embarrassing incidents, including forgetting to close accounts and losing his way on the streets of the city.

DSC-MATE-2813 is generally friendly and tries to be helpful whenever possible, but his scatterbrained nature has led some of his colleagues to view him with skepticism. To counterbalance his perceived inadequacies, DSC-MATE-2813 wears a blue bandana and a gold chain around his neck, both of which he considers lucky charms to boost his confidence.

Despite his faults, DSC-MATE-2813 is well-regarded by most of his clients, who appreciate his professionalism and honesty. However, given his unpredictable nature, caution should be exercised when interacting with him, especially when dealing with significant amounts of money.