ID # : DSC-MATE-2350
DSC-MATE-2350, also known as the "Tiger Beautician," is a male tiger of an unknown species. He stands approximately 6 feet tall and has fur that ranges from dark orange to black. His nerd glasses are highly reflective, often obscuring his eyes and leaving onlookers feeling uneasy. DSC-MATE-2350 can always be found wearing a red beanie, complemented by a single jade earring in his left ear.

DSC-MATE-2350 has a gentle personality and is highly empathetic towards those around him. He is well-versed in the art of the beautician and takes great pride in helping others look and feel their very best. DSC-MATE-2350's nurturing nature can lead to humorous situations, as he often treats his clients as if they were his own children. This has been observed to be especially true when attending to those who are going through a difficult time in their lives.

When not occupied with his work, DSC-MATE-2350 can be found indulging in his favorite treat, a candy stick. He keeps an ample supply of candy sticks in his workstation and is known to share them with his clients. However, it is to be noted that DSC-MATE-2350's candy sticks hold an anomalous property that has yet to be fully understood by Foundation researchers.

All personnel are reminded that DSC-MATE-2350 is not to be underestimated, for though his demeanor is gentle and kind, he is still a highly dangerous and unpredictable anomaly. Interactions with DSC-MATE-2350 are to be carried out with caution and under the direct supervision of security personnel.