ID # : DSC-MATE-8599
DSC-MATE-8599, also known by his street name, "The Hare", is an anomalous rabbit species of unknown origin who works as a programmer for a tech company. This rabbit is a male with blue clown eyes that sparkle dazzlingly in bright lights, and he is known to adorn a police cap on his head, which is thought to be a nod to his passion for justice. His ears are a luxurious gold earring, which gives him an aura of sophistication and refinement.

DSC-MATE-8599's enthusiastic and caring nature is one prominent trait that sets him apart. He's a nurturer, and his caring attitude extends even to inanimate objects around him. He often gives a name to his car and talks to his plants, treating them with so much love and attention as if they were conscious beings. DSC-MATE-8599 even anthropomorphizes his household appliances, attributing toasters and refrigerators with personalities and emotions. Some staff members have attested that DSC-MATE-8599 often spends long hours repairing and improving equipment in the company kitchen, maintaining an environment suitable for everyone's needs.

DSC-MATE-8599 is known to wear a conspicuous bright red scarf around his neck, which seems to be an item of sentimental value to him. He's also been seen on multiple occasions nibbling on a candy stick, imparting his daily routine with a playful and childlike air.

DSC-MATE-8599's gentle demeanor and childlike innocence have endeared him to many of his coworkers. However, due to the anomaly's eccentric behavior, foundation operatives have shown interest in studying DSC-MATE-8599, as they suspect that there may be more to this rabbit programmer than meets the eye.