ID # : DSC-MATE-2723
DSC-MATE-2723, codenamed "The Tigerman," is a highly unusual car salesman of feline origin, with a nervous disposition and a tendency for outrageous ideas. Sporting a medical mask over his muzzle and red clown eyes, DSC-MATE-2723 often accompanies his sales pitch with a constant stream of babbling that has been noted to overwhelm or disorient potential customers, leading to surprisingly high commission rates.

DSC-MATE-2723's distinctive headset, adorned with flashing LED lights, has been proven to increase his sales efficiency in a manner not yet fully understood by DSC researchers. The forehead band of two colors, whereby one side is white and the other is either orange, blue, or green, seems to indicate DSC-MATE-2723's current mood or level of focus, although these tones are known to change suddenly and without warning.

The Tigerman's gold chain, noting a single tooth, is often a topic of conversation, and highly regarded as a symbol of his success as a salesman. However, any attempt to touch or remove it from DSC-MATE-2723's neck is strictly prohibited due to his highly territorial nature.

Notably, DSC-MATE-2723 derives pleasure from brainstorming novel proposals and can regularly come up with highly creative, if impractical, suggestions. This tendency has led to some entertaining moments within the Foundation, and DSC-MATE-2723's "crazy ideas" have been the origin of many inside jokes within the staff.

To date, DSC-MATE-2723 has presented no threat to Foundation personnel. However, staff members are to be mindful that despite DSC-MATE-2723's seemingly benign and scatterbrained demeanor, he is, in fact, a fully grown tiger with dangerous instincts. Therefore, standard safety protocols must be observed when approaching, interacting with, or transporting DSC-MATE-2723.