ID # : DSC-MATE-9939
DSC-MATE-9939 is a humanoid entity classified as a Human. Despite its human-like appearance, DSC-MATE-9939 has two distinct facial features; spots along its face and a wildly exaggerated clown mouth. The entity's blue clown eyes are set deeply in its face, constantly darting around even during conversation, giving it a sense of constant alertness.

DSC-MATE-9939 wears a purple cap with a headset, allowing it to communicate with its colleagues as a banker. DSC-MATE-9939 is partial to a jade earring and a silver chain which is always kept tucked in. The entity's constant companion seems to be a cigarette, with which it is occasionally seen taking drags from.

DSC-MATE-9939's personality is captivating and disarmingly pleasant. It has a strong sense of empathy and is keenly attuned to the emotions of others. It often leverages this trait humorously, finding the right words that uplift a person's mood or helping others to see the humor in a difficult situation. DSC-MATE-9939 is a model employee in the banking industry, gaining popularity and trust amongst its peers and customers through its amicable nature.

However, it is advised that DSC-MATE-9939's jovial nature should not be taken lightly; it has caused disruptions within the workplace with its practical jokes and carefree attitude. DSC-MATE-9939's employees must undergo continuous training on handling its behaviour, to ensure that the bank's operations maintain a professional standard. Handling of DSC-MATE-9939 for experimentation purposes is advised to maintain lengthy exposure as it can have adverse effects on the handleer's emotional state.