ID # : DSC-MATE-6492
DSC-MATE-6492, designated as "The Electrician," is a human male in his late 30s. His most prominent feature is the orange stripes running down the sides of his face, which are believed to be a manifestation of his anomalous ability. He wears a retro cap on his head and a goggle on his forehead, which obscures his vision when not in use. His normal glasses serve as a corrective tool so he can see nearsighted things. He also wears a green cross earring on his left ear, though its purpose is unknown.

DSC-MATE-6492's primary job is that of an electrician. He is often called to perform odd jobs in the city, which provides an excellent cover for his anomalous abilities. He possesses a special talent, which allows him to manipulate electricity and electrical fields with incredible precision, and he has an innate sense of how to repair or improve the flow of electricity in any system.

DSC-MATE-6492 is often jovial and has a welcoming personality, but he is also in tune with his emotional side. He's prone to tears when watching emotional scenes, and his fondness for music and art that evokes strong feelings is well-known among his friends and colleagues. He is protective of those he cares about, and his compassion often leads him to help others who are in need.

DSC-MATE-6492 is currently in Foundation custody, and he's been remarkably cooperative. Though his abilities make him a valuable asset to the Foundation, they also pose a threat to containment procedures, and extensive testing will be required to fully understand the extent of his powers. For now, he has been assigned to work in the Foundation's electrical department, where he can put his skills to use and be monitored at all times. Further testing and observation are necessary, and the Foundation will continue to monitor DSC-MATE-6492's abilities closely.